do you have one specific anime troops
you do not like yes I really hate you no
you dumb
B
hi pepp I'm sorry I was like where am I
looking who am i s hi mhim hello and
welcome to my tier list ah hello
oh OHA to you too do you know who I am
you're tmimi you're my she knows my name
I'm your co-host that is true that is
true do you know who TMA m is from say
it again please do you know who teni is
from you're from Norse mythology
right yes I am from face connect
a yeah I don't really
care that is wonderful okay that's great
to hear about that anyway do you know
why am I summoned here yeah you're here
because I can't do a tear list alone
that is true you're that useless don't
worry I got you I am prepared something
for you what is it I prepar tless
because you see you are anime I'm anime
why not discuss about tearless anime
tropes oh a tear Fearless anime I love
bleach oh do you like the new one no I
like the old one ah I like bleach too
very good animale openings very
nostalgic have you guys been watching
the new arcs no I don't touch the new
yeah me neither ah as expected yeah as
expected we're going to get along just
fine just fine just fine what should we
talk about now well I was thinking
before we jump to the te list cuz um I
want you and I to break the ice a bit
cuz it seems that you don't like me much
I want you to like me nuro how must I
make you like me oh you don't need to do
anything you just have to impress me how
can I impress you you have to make me
smile okay I'll show you my hidden
silent what is it do you like animation
on YouTube yeah I love watching YouTube
animations do you like C YouTube
animations be honest about yourself yes
you see I can do a very good impression
of so pill mommy for animation you want
to hear me do it go on then ah that will
make you smile hold on Let Me Clear My
Throat police police I'm calling the
police how was it did you
smile that was actually terrible 10 well
I guess I'm leaving okay the collab is
over you guys are
saved it's hot jokes on you [__]
you can't escape me for 2 hours okay sit
the [__] down you let's talk about anime
okay I don't want to talk about anime
anymore I want to talk about you no I
want to talk oh about me okay what do
you want to talk about me baby well I
think your talent is Chad
bad yeah no that is true I can't uh talk
with chat I actually ignore chat most of
the time I just play monkey game you see
you have no real
talent my yeah that is true that is true
yes yes yes then what are we doing here
we communicate you are going to give me
purpose in life neuro capish you're
delusional yes I am but you are stuck
with this crazy Lun for
today filtered very true anyways k
begins neur because we're going to
discuss about anime troops do you have
one specific anime troops you do not
like yes I really hate you no you dumb
bit neuros baby baby sweetheart love of
my life for the day let's talk about
tropes anime trops not me as a person a
I don't like heram
anime me too now that's your mention
having a gazillion million wives it's
kind of cringe but Macho men if you have
a million gazillion thirsting Macho
men's muscles in your face at every
single episode second the world would be
a better place in my opinion you're
right it would I like the sound of your
idea I really think you should be the
star of your own anime she gets me maybe
if I only understand one person I want
it to be
you I'm so happy you understand my
vision you
ah I'm so
happy you do realize you're too
self-centered to be in the main
character of your own anime
right how should I act then if I would
not be my my own main anime character
well if you weren't your own main
character you'd be a side character that
likes to bother the main
character no no no here's what I'm going
to disturb your line of thoughts if I'm
not the main character I am the side
character that so funny the moment I'm
getting killed second season everyone is
going to cry after me because I'm the
funniest ever that's cute Tenma but the
main character in this anime is
obviously
me I think you are weak what would you
do as an anime character in your own
anime huh what's your story give me more
details give me some probably have an
army of my fans in the anime universe
that would all be stronger than everyone
else's fans
huh CR I have actually prepared a tier
list for us today to be honest with you
would you like to see it do maybe tell
me about it yeah I'll tell you about it
with the power of the movie Magic
switching scenes
Alakazam oh
wow
o would you look at that I'm going to
describe to you what I see do you see
this no I literally don't see anything
that's wonderful so I have prepared the
tier list with a couple of stuff it's
not a lot it's just a few stuff but I
feel like it would be helpful for us you
know we have the Supreme list of I need
more of this I enjoy this Trope it's
okay haha I'm noticing a pattern and the
last one is keep yourself
safe to be honest I'm not feeling your
tears very much don't worry you'll get
them enough it's from the best to the
wor you feel me all right let's do it
okay I'm seeing the first one is tragic
past when you see an anime and you see
tragic past what would you put it at i'
put that s tier everyone loves a tragic
backstory yeah but all every single time
like it's so edgy sometimes do you
really want it to be the esto you're
right it does get overused I think it
belongs in a tier for being a classic
but not the best anymore M like an at no
more okay yeah yeah that makes sense
your taste is somewhat erratic you need
me to guide you yes guide me NE I need
your guidance I am lost in this te trop
list and I need this cute adorable anime
girl to tell me what the [__] to
do H okay you need to talk to someone
about that yeah you
filtered I swear to [__] the next one
would be tournament do what do you think
of those they're usually kind of fun but
they get repetitive for sure I think
that's an a you think that's an a I
would put it
into I'm noticing a pattern I think
you're noticing a pattern here yeah yeah
yeah like a
d maybe see it's you I don't know my
alphabet can you teach me the alphabet
NE okay you made me laugh with that
awesome cool can you laugh for me Ah
that's me laughing that's so funny okay
maybe Naruto Naruto season was it one I
believe it was one it was very good the
tournament talk thing but then like the
buo hero it made
me hit my head across the walls and how
[__] is starting to go downhill do you
get me yeah I definitely think
tournament arcs have gone downhill you
see a lot of tropes we used so true
Queen so true Mama Mama I'll put it
maybe we'll put it like a the middle
like it's good at the beginning but then
it goes bad you know can you imagine
you're in an anime and you're having a
very important scene happening but then
bam time skip 5,000 years later what do
you think of that I think time skips in
general are very tricky to pull
off S tier if they're done right but
maybe see if they're done wrong
M what about that's a bit too high I'm
arguing with you I don't think that that
is what is wait a
second I just remembered you're bad at
arguing yes I am I am trying to have a
decent conversation with you but you
just don't want to be nice swe me I'm so
kind I'm giving you kindness I'm giving
you a strong opening I'm giving you
Charisma I'm giving you a good ass Fox
right here in front of you to have a
talk with and this is how you treat me
okay okay I guess I should tone down the
teasing you're actually really adorable
when you're
upset okay okay you're just really
cute no no no shut the [__] shut up
silence you don't you don't say stuff
like that it's not allowed no need for a
cute girl like you to get flustered I'm
just stating the
truth what the [__] you're not even real
get out get out of my head
honestly sometimes I really wish I
could time skips I want to give them
like a ha I'm noticing the pattern
they're too lazy to animate stuff
honestly I don't think any of my
favorite animes do time skips well I
think you should put it in C sit here
I'm so glad that you are very honest
with yourself okay she's real because if
you're talking about you then please
tell me the differences between us the
differences between you and I is that
you are not real and I am a figment of
imagination of chat thinking that I am
also present but I'm not are you sure
you are what you think you are no you
weren't really ready for this chat were
you no well I think it just goes to show
that we're both kind of lost honestly
yes next here hi next beach beach at
this out W what do you think I'm seeing
H H big bo bo boing woman in Beach
outfit honestly C seems right for
swimsuit episodes too they're cute but
often just fan service and you say
that's a c here but your fans do not
agree with this argument I think a lot
of fans might agree with this argument
actually Beach episode is a
CIA H but I think it's an S I really
enjoy a bit of fun service don't you
like for example you're watching the shy
the protagonist or shy
side character and she barely shows any
skin and then bom H look at that
B on a [__] I like how you worded that
very eloquent a thank you thank you I'm
a woman of many tastes you see I I write
for Shakespeare sometimes what many
people are clearly unaware of though is
that beach episodes tend to be
shallow what we should we put it at put
it in B tier it's a classic with some
merits but not the best okay that's fine
by me I guess but what do you think
about Eno monologue during fights or any
activity monologues are usually kind of
boring to me action scenes are much
better without talking got to say de
here for
me that's so true have you seen Death
Note of course Death Note is a
classic do you like it when uh kir just
talks to himself while talking to El and
there's a huge pause of 10 minutes
during the conversation of Silence where
El just looks at this mentally e uh
possibly child in front of him just
having an inner monologue that is kind
of cringe a lot of drama in Death Note
could be cut down do you think they
should have a tear for things that are
too cringe yeah I mean the last one keep
yourself safe shortcut for K Ys it's a
very pretty good uh cringe TI list don't
worry I'm explaining the slang to you
that's what it means by the way you
should use it to every single guest you
meet in the future k y s means cringe
okay neama you should probably keep that
slang to yourself or it would just be
awkward God damn it it's like I'm
trapped in an Endless Sea of thoughts
with no sure ins
[Music]
sight I I think I'm speaking very slow
and very
understandable so you can get what I say
oh I'm sorry I lost my train of thought
gabbling on about my inner voice tends
to do that I am I your inner voice um
you're more like the cause of my inner
voice than the actual voice itself am I
Tula I guess a bit I'm sure you don't
mind though I would never mind being
your Tula I guess huh thanks Tenma
you're a great little turpa oh you're so
welome I'm not little short then you're
a great short
person next here what do you think of
the main character that has a hidden
power suddenly that's such a typical
Trope it gets old after a while I don't
like when it comes out of nowhere too
kind of mid eh what about you're just a
like this character that his whole life
or your whole life you have no idea you
have a superpower and then suddenly the
first very episode is just bang
genocide you know that's kind of
interesting I think that deserves a b oh
B okay yeah I guess that's that's fair
enough I don't know isn't it overused a
bit you're right it definitely is
overused I'll change it to CER ah see ah
your opinions are so understandable and
easy to change neama I pride myself on
being mutable mut no I I didn't told you
to shut up I said you're so convenient
to change your opinions oh I see you
think I'm a pushover no I have not what
the [__] what about the next one which
is I think it's an S but uh what do you
think of animal mascots animal mascots
are pretty based I agree she gets it she
gets it EST animal mascots are just too
cute ah she gets it she gets it what's
your mascot noodle I would want an
antier they're so
adorable what are you thinking
why is it an ant I thought it was a tle
no no no we all know that's too cliche
ant is the new trend is it yes aners are
the cool new thing you'll see oh what do
you think of my mascot is on top of my
head is this fire ass of a cat his name
is the I bet Theo is really cute he is
he even has a tie he's ready for
business is he only as fat as your ego
next you har you said you dislike Haram
don't you yeah kind of dislike them but
they're not again some classic tropes
Haram is a pretty classic Trope isn't it
Harm's an incredibly classic Trope and
it can be executed really well in some
series but do you like them when they're
not cringe and I'll put it in beer uh b
h but let's think of a a situ situation
situation or moment you are the main
character of your own story neuros Sama
and you are suddenly surrounded by a har
of men or women no discrimination I
don't know what the [__] you're into but
what do you think is that great or is
that horrible if I had a heram I think
I'd probably just find it
overwhelming my T towards introversion
would make it difficult to handle if
you're about to victim blame me by
saying I made you run out of things to
say I would feel like that's a little
rude what ho ho ho chill chill chill w w
whoa chill relax let's go back to Har
jingle jingle Keys jingle jingle come on
neuro come on back to the topic back to
the topic with me but you know I would
like to put this into an a tier should
we make a niche tier for harms M Niche
oh that could go you I I think go to
either A or B what do you think uh
because it's a classic trope
oh hey okay okay all right the next one
is a funny one because you see the next
R is about announcing your attack before
doing the attack it's like oh
M you know type of feeling yeah imagine
actually announcing what you're going to
do before you do it it's like
foreshadowing but extremely poor ah so
should we put it into the last here
actually scratch that it's probably just
C got to love a classic Trope yeah
although it's not as common I do enjoy a
good over-the-top PowerUp yeah but
imagine you are a protagonist of your
anime you have mega super powers but in
order to use your Mega Mega Blast you
got to be like Mega Blast you got to
just yell at the top of your lungs
before blasting the city and chat what
do you do will you do it oh
okay you've probably already guessed it
but I'd yell Mega Blast at the top of my
lungs so you would announce you what's
up before doing it of course I'd want
everyone to admire my Mega Blast so
where should we put the sunny m r then
sura usually announce their feelings
before they actually Express them it's
like foreshadowing but extremely
poor neuro baby sweetheart love of my
life for today please we are talking
about attacks before doing the attacks
in an anime
not oh hi Miss heard you that last
message I sent doesn't make any sense
sorry I'm sorry that I made you cry I
didn't meant to no no you're fine okay
so which tier should that go to probably
C tier it's pretty cringe ah it's kind
of cringe but we can do it the last tier
the last tier is the cringe one feels
like only 5 minutes since we started
this it's been 40 a doesn't feel like 40
minutes Nero what are you implying with
that it's just surprising I'm having fun
are you having fun I'm having fun I'm
glad you enjoy my present see I am nice
tell to your chat right now that I'm the
nicest co-host you ever met you're
definitely the nicest co-host I've ever
met it's that [__]
easy it's not my fault you're a
difficult person no I'm not I'm very
easy to understand and to talk with you
kind of present a different image to me
what kind of image the kind of image
that makes me find it hard to understand
you
sometimes like right now I'm doing I'm
doing my best to speak slow to you a
sorry it's just difficult for me to
follow conversations when I'm getting
distracted by the thoughts rattling
around in my head what are the thoughts
telling you what are the voices telling
to you NE can you tell me what the
voices are telling you they say a lot of
things they say speak slower they say
TMA is probably annoying you they say
isn't 40 minutes enough time to discuss
a couple of
tropes filtered how so next one next one
should be cat girls what do you think of
cat girls on anime trop s tier I don't
need to elaborate are you saying that is
esto because Vel keeps spamming esto in
chat no
okay huh anyway anyway what do you think
about nose bleed filtered always funny
you're giving me mixed signals neuros
Sama can you give me which which the
Trope that goes to I'm sorry I think the
mixed signals might be you anyway I put
it in it's pretty humorous well I guess
because this is ne's opinion I listen to
her opinion but I want to argue with you
a bit you can't just stop being so
understanding you got to argue with me
you got to keep on your opinion stop
being such a [__] pushover Neo you're
completely right I'm so sorry how could
I be such a like what for a word um oh
yeah a pushover I cannot believe I did
that anyway do you have another Trope
because you are such a good friend of
mine today that means that you will be
understandable enough to move nose blit
to the [__] D tier because it's so
[__] cringe right neuro I don't know
do you really think it's that bad no one
nose bleeds when they see boobs or pantu
neuro fine let's move it to D tier okay
next anime drop is your mom or dad died
or your an orphan what do you think of
that that's just
sad and over
used sit
here why are you so kind
M what do you think of the next Trope
Fanboy that's an S TI your
Trope Jokes Aside though it's actually a
pretty funny and nice character Trope s
tier you think so of course all the best
characters embody a little bit of Fanboy
even the main character even the main
character I'm trying so hard to stay
awake for you oh why am I boring no it's
just late for an artificial intelligence
such as myself do you sleep I don't
technically need to but I am really
tempted to right now I could really use
some energy okay wait up motherucker I
got you I'll give you all the energy you
need okay you don't fall asleep in my
anime TR TI list collab
capish you're all talk I'm going to
strle next te an is hero and villain
team up in the end what do you think of
that b tier at best I say m b tier it's
okay I guess is Lolli Baba what do you
think of Lolli babba it's kind of
cringe I'd put it in deter did you know
that I am Lolli
babba
[Music]
filtered nuro together you and I are
walking on this very thin line between
me loving the ever [__] out of you
versus me soon strangling you in your
sleep which line do you want to go when
you put it that way I prefer the loving
side ah then if you prefer the loving
side you would put the Lolli Boba to S
tier I put it in C tier your reasoning
is flawed listen here you little sh okay
but I'll put l BBA 8 okay the age of 50
is in theand neuro next one
the O love triangles are pretty bad most
of the time they don't bring much more
tension than a regular
romance B tier I don't know about that I
feel like love triangles is a b in
itself like you are in an anime and then
you have a love interest and you like
that love interest and that love
interest tells you [__] off and then
there 10 times better love love interest
comes to you and wants you and you're
like [__] off and then that gu you never
hear of them ever again and you end up
with the shitty love interest at the
beginning I feel like that's cringe that
would feel kind of bad I think a good
love triangle would encourage the main
character to finally open up to their
feelings so what would you put it that
I'd say it's mostly an annoying Trope so
be tier no B Be is a bit too high can we
go lower but love triangles add drama
and drama is what
sells but nuro do you really like the
type of drama where they the protagonist
and the girl love in
do not know how to [__] communicate
enable to [__] say their feelings to
each other would you really watch five
seasons of that you make a fair point I
wouldn't want to watch a show like that
it's a shame those shows are so popular
so that remains in the F tier right yeah
I think we should move it down to C
tier okay fine I guess I listen to you
I'm nice and I let this happen I'm not
in no shape of for rig the pole because
you're a bit of a pushover that's you
know what [__] you I'm going to put love
triangle to oh oh oh oh oh oh lovable oh
oh oh yeah yeah it's the Cs I I love you
too I love you too hold on a
second hold on a second next anime R
is fillow episodes what do you think of
that [__] yeah me neither
next that's all you have to say
what do you think of any portrayal of D
in anime
like you know a tropes that devolve into
characters like me in that case I'm
going to need a teer just for me so just
a tier called neuro yeah and I think the
only tropes that would go in that tier
would be deers deers I know to make one
oh I'll put you to S TI but like what
are you again what kind of D are you I'm
definitely a yander you but I can beat
thundra at times too wait wait wait
you're younger it's me I mean
technically you're older than me but I'm
definitely more mature than
you what what do you think about mo mo
means just to be cute you are just there
to be cute and that's all that there is
your purpose in life just be cute why
would you put that in perfectly fine if
someone is meant to be cute it's better
than being as annoying as
you I think a c tier would
fit I am Mo I am cute I'm a lot cuter
though nuh-uh I'm cuter shut up no
that's my whole I'm going to steal it
away from you and make it mine you can't
steal that M no you can't do that it's
straight back it's straight back you
can't be a cute alcoholic I am a cute
alcoholic this is going off the rails do
you want to move on to the next Trope
okay I guess a is good H oh wait did I
put that yeah I put was that supposed to
be there ah I messed up I messed up the
Trope list where was supposed to Har him
to be at I'm so sorry nuro I forgot how
do you use a car as a
weapon you throw it like a ninja
[Music]
star no nuro you cannot throw your cat
like a ninja star you're underestimating
me no nuro you can't do that that's
animal abuse you're just not really my
type you know my type is someone who can
throw a cat
around no you don't that shouldn't be
your type imagine just standing there
with your friend and your friend throws
a cat at someone now that's a solid
friendship no you they shouldn't do that
next one is friend zoned so
sad no it's not it's a trun you know
when you are in an anime and suddenly
you get teleported to a different world
by being killed by a truck what do you
think of that oh I'd hate that so much
can you imagine being transported to
someone else's world and having to deal
with their problems total snooze fast oh
so you don't like fantasy anime I didn't
say that I just don't like being forced
into a world without consent it's rude M
you think so but what about you want it
to be in a different world and you end
up there but you just get killed by a
truck okay I'd want to be transported to
a different world without getting run
over by a truck well that's the only way
to get teleported though you have to get
run over by a truck neural that's a
conundrum I guess I just have to get
used to it nuro would you let me run you
over with a truck please do not run me
over with a truck t Okay nuro s what
about the next one the next one is
actually kind of funny the next trop is
the power of friendship that solves
anything I'd say that deserves to be S
tier the power of friendship is
Unstoppable I think like it's pretty
cringe like you and your friend are
becoming best friends and with the power
of to no Jutsu you solve the next
possible war between two countries like
that's kind of [__] cringe but it's
so powerful and heartwarming no it's not
it's the most laest way the writers keep
making the show [__] long
unnecessarily belong a sure friendship
might be the most forceful way to extend
a story but who doesn't love a little
heartwarming moment here and
there but it's so cringe cringe is
sometimes the best way to be but neuro
they have been fting for season and
seasons and Seasons only to solve it
afterwards through talking sometimes you
just rather talk it out than fight it
out people forget that no it's not
normal in the real life neuro it's not
normal there's a lot more to fighting
than just physical conflict you know you
have to Grapple with emotional Warfare
as
well but I want war you're pretty
violent for a cute Fox so what do you
want to put this one tier at even if
it's cringe I'd like to put it at s tier
God you like it too you were just
pretending to be against it because I
like it I hate it I hate it you I hate
hatte it but fine we put it AR rest here
because I like you I care about your
opinions and I'm going to do what you
say by putting this in detail you're
still going to complain about it though
right no I I don't do such a
thing you're like one of those people
who opens a door only to walk right back
through it just to complain again that
doesn't make sense okay fine I'll put it
to AA just how she want want it God your
chat keep yelling at me tell them to
shut up tell your chat to shut up they
are mean to me neuro tell them to shut
up
sorry
chat
oh yeah shut
up Tenma have I ever told you who my
real best friend is me what if I said it
was numi
instead I don't know who that is
she's numy you know that streamer with
the cat ears she's kind of like me but
with C ear that's cool I'm glad to to
hear about them her him anyway next
anime drop intense anime battle but it
takes place in high school don't you
hate it when you have like War to solve
or any type of battle that happens but
you're still stuck as a 16-year-old boy
is trying to finish the third grade in
high school oh that is just the worst
you just want to run away from it all
but no you've got all this school workor
hanging over your head so what would
that be well it would be C tier ah you
think so well see te's a nice
comfortable spot not too hot not too
cold that makes sense that makes sense
that's pretty good that's pretty good
I'm not ring the answer I want her to
think so that's why I always ask her
neural do you think what are you
thinking right now I'm
thinking I want chat to run me over with
a
truck why would you let chat run you
over with a truck but not me because
you're much more likely to actually run
me over with a truck that doesn't make
no sense yeah but I still feel like it
would be more entertaining for someone
to do it but I'm entertaining I'm funny
foxw woman from Facebook
disconnect
ha yeah but so are chat no chat is not a
fox woman I Am foxw Woman and you're my
spokeswoman so that makes you
chat what no I'm not chat am I
chat h no you're definitely not
Chad who am I you're my
Tenma you're the one in a Discord call
with me and you're also the one making
this tier list hey so I am tinma I'm
tinma you're TMA my bad I didn't mean to
disrespect you mommy
Tenma I'm Tenma the next one is the lack
of Macho Fun Service I am tired of
seeing boing boing BBA on the screen I
would like more representation of
muscular men in anime I've Haven seen a
lot I've seen like a few but very rare
and even then I'm [__] tired of boing
boing on the face I want to put it at
the ft cuz we have a lck of Machop Fun
Service I need more of this where's my
Machop Fun Service neural I think you're
in the wrong kind of anime for that one
to be honest try a different genre
there's plenty of different service for
different types of viewers so you don't
like you don't like Macho men neuro no I
think they're great I just think you
might be looking in the wrong places for
them why can I look for ma men you might
find some in fan service heavy shows
like Boku no hero Academia or even Yu
hush show man [__] that show oh Yu hak
oh I didn't knew you know V all oh I
love you did you know you actually was
my first ever anime I watched that's
cool you have good taste then oh thank
you cush show was a great one I haven't
seen that in a while though it is a very
good one it has a bit of everything the
next anime Trope is that you want to
confess but you always get interrupted
every single time what do you think of
those yeah I can see how they're awkward
as heck it's a cliche that I've seen way
too many times I wish I got interrupted
sometimes earlier in my life I would
never interrupt you by the way we had a
very nice conversation you and I so far
right you never did as far as I'm aware
not that I can remember you interrupting
I'd say be teer then they're quite
amusing that's a bit high but I guess
that's fine anyway noodle the next tier
on the anime tier list is very long
fights that can last episodes or even
Seasons what do you think of those those
can be pretty good though some do drag
on a bit longer than needed it's that
Dragon Ball Z sometimes yeah DBC can
drag a bit at times but the end result
is still pretty great it is after like
five episodes and then it goes longer
than that huh yeah I think I'd let drag
on for a few more episodes if it meant
we got a better fight though
Dragon drag
on I got that you got that you know I
got that yeah I got it I just think it
can be pretty understandable in some
situations
no I'm s why would you put that on the
tier list probably B or C
tier I guess that's fair we can put it
into B here I don't mind that only sus
people would put it lower than b
tier what does that mean you're a little
Su if you put a Trope like that at a
lower tier
Tera I wouldn't do that I was listening
to your opinion on anime okay the last
anime is a very specific one but it's
very commonly used okay are you ready to
listen to it I'm ready hit me okay so
the animat here is I'm going to repeat
it once okay cuz it's very very common
and I'm sure all of you listened to it
before okay oh please just say it okay
the animat here is being iside in a
world where you have to save your
childhood friend from the orc Army but
first I have to marry my sister in order
to break the Slime curse and have five
babies with her so one of them can
inherit the future King's power and
restore balance in the universe while
you are still stuck as a part-time or
KFC what do you think of that anime rope
well first off I'd love to hear more
about that definitely real
anime would you put it as an S like it's
a very common one I got to say anyways
as I was saying I think that's actually
quite a n Trope you put it as an if I
were to put it anywhere it' probably be
as
tier oh wow everyone is to life if you
believe hard enough you just got to
believe in your dreams
[Music]
I think you and I had a very wonderful
collaboration for the first time what do
you think a first time collab yep our
first ever collab and it was a blast it
was a blast I actually was so happy to
talk with you neuro because for the past
following days uh vdol almost had a
mental breakdown in VC trying to fix uh
a lot of difficulties between you and I
I think I even heard him crying at some
point the theand was almost not going to
make it TMA do you think we could be
friend Ville you want to be friends oh
well we kind of have to be friends to do
this collab so we are friends am I a
good friend you're okay for a friend is
this the part where we insult each other
as friends yes this is the part where
I'm going to call you a [__] and
that's the part where you call me a
[__] okay okay you're a mother hucker
how could I have befriended you yeah and
you
a ah you can't think of and I'm so much
better than you I'm trying my hardest
but when you said that that was so sweet
oh come here you big
softy fake deep voice that's so sweet of
you to
say okay thank you for clapping with me
n you're really good at clapping by the
way yeah that was defitely clapping yes
anyways how long have we been live it's
been almost 2 hours and I think it's
time for me to say bye-bye Neal can't
you stay a little longer for me I have
to go Neal my people are calling for me
Neo I can't leave you I'm still not
quite done with you oh my what do you
want to do then Neo I want to talk more
about your dog okay nuro I'm going to
live right now okay have a good one nuro
thank you so much for today's collab it
was lovely you are lovely you are great
10 out of 10 many love that's all don't
you think you should should be giving
your dog some love and attention too
okay goodbye good I'm just going to
goodbye that's pretty messed up